Add CHANGELOG for v0.18 (#310)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.18 [2021-11-10]

_What's new?_

> - The HIPAA benchmark is now cleaner and more structured. The benchmarks are now grouped under two major sections(benchmarks) namely `164.308` and `164.312`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additional benchmarks (`hipaa_164_308` and `hipaa_164.312`) have been added to the `hipaa` benchmark to improve its structure and readability.
```

>     - New benchmarks added 
>         - 164.308(a)(1)(ii)(A) : Risk analysis 
>         - 164.308(a)(4)(ii)(A) : Isolating health care clearinghouse functions
>         - 164.308(a)(5)(ii)(B) : Protection from malicious software
>         - 164.308(a)(5)(ii)(C) : Log-in monitoring
>         - 164.308(a)(5)(ii)(D) : Password management 
>         - 164.308(a)(7)(ii)(B) : Disaster recovery plan 
>         - 164.308(a)(7)(ii)(C) : Emergency mode operation plan
>         - 164.308(a)(8)        :  Evaluation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New HIPAA benchmarks added:
      - 164.308(a)(1)(ii)(A) Risk analysis
      - 164.308(a)(4)(ii)(A) Isolating health care clearinghouse functions
      - 164.308(a)(5)(ii)(B) Protection from malicious software
      - 164.308(a)(5)(ii)(C) Log-in monitoring
      - 164.308(a)(5)(ii)(D) Password management
      - 164.308(a)(7)(ii)(B) Disaster recovery plan
      - 164.308(a)(7)(ii)(C) Emergency mode operation plan
      - 164.308(a)(8) Evaluation
```
